2013 has been a dream season for the
timbers and if Portland supporters are
indeed dreaming don't wake them up the
timbers are in the playoffs and they are
the top of the table in the Western
Conference but the work at jeld-wen
field is far from done
host second place real salt lake with a
shot and the shield the tire factory
starting 11 they do go back to the
traditional back for it's been great
back to back to back clean sheets here
at jeld-wen field Ross one notable
absence where is javi Morales he will be
out of this one due to Yellowcard
accumulation for the more experienced
reps in all of MLS has been around since
the inaugural season in 1996 and was a
part of the officials ronster for the
world cup in germany in 2006 he said
last week
glancing header a late-arriving run from
Gil the young California obvious her
one-on-one situation little trick just
to get by to step back step around the
defender and it's a good ball whipped in
when we scale arriving late just glances
off the head instead of him directing it
towards goal unfortunate for the timbers
and for Donovan Ricketts to see that go
wide of the post see the fight with
footy and shooter going on there
but it needs to be careful not to hold
to explain
click on header just by that far post
that was Chris Schuler all the way up
from his centre-half position spit ball
in from Beckham in here right into the
danger area we're staying in the top of
your screen with a bottle going on with
Condon footy there but he doesn't win it
but what he does do is touch tight and
so that head of that flick on it's very
difficult to do when you have that man
affecting you and slightly pushing your
body off just getting higher than the
man in front of them very hard to flick
on a header if there's someone right
behind units Ricketts comes out of the
chest it's got more work to do
ends up with Valencia
instantly he's released from footing the
great awareness by rickets I was
watching it before he kept that distance
between the box for and and themselves
and was able to come out clear the
danger and set them on the attack which
we saw their the great fall in
quite as much space this time Wingert
stepped up at that puts a pocket of
space in behind him
this is all some brilliant stuff from
transito
Valencia's for the back for into those
channels and when he gets the miss you
assure them to finish killing
think it almost ball is just underneath
the leg of
just slightly over just an office stuck
short started from behind on Gil
or own breaks out
arrington joints
left footed volley just a little too
much spin on that
good for wordplay by the cameras all
started with car winning the challenge
on the back and Harrington joining in on
the left leg is ballin just seen
Valencia coming off the shoulder the
defender trying to guide it into the
left side of her mother couldn't quite
get enough contact on the ball did
service this app is benefit off the
touches here
as the Jewsbury
Honda there are three players lying down
on the field al Assad just frustrated he
didn't score valencia and Wingert are
shaky and Jack Jewsbury is asking for
the trainer Nick wall to rush on here
Wingert already being attended to you
can see the blood there on the outside
of Valencia's I what a save Ross what a
save there and we host the Bowman's
players are all right we look at the
lens here do you look at the intent of
the answer to get that touch on the ball
going to challenge was coming job tues
great win a great ball
believed to get the seconds as we start
his goal guess
talks like the reminder that ball was
behind him Russ receive Valencia snowing
no malice there no no one sense they
injure you just see the cross a heads
from Sterling moment football players of
it as they're still down but I can't not
just that just reflects Valencia's
effort so far tonight doing the dirty
work there to get that header and create
that chance for Khalif and we're about
to enter stoppage time four minutes of
added time here tonight Mickey on from
nothing that's what he does Raimondo had
it covered
five in the RSL wall and a couple of
intruders
that makes the sound of them tonight
so
you could hear the ball hit the club
from all the way up here free can't just
going over the wall knuckle straight out
to keep her but that pace and the way
that ball knuckled ramon dos done well
to get anything on NC so these a
following up with the head of our model
staying staying begging and they cannot
save
the whistle to put an end to this one
tonight